---
title: 'C++代写：C++ Programming Homework 4'
abbrlink: a4751ddc
date: 2019-01-18 09:16:48
tags:
- C++代写
categories:
- C++代写
---

代写代做C++作业，C++ assignment, project, homework, lab, 价格优惠，保证原创。

### Question1(40 points) 

Write a String class which will be a wrapper class to the C style strings. The strings will be of varying lengths and must grow and shrink as necessary. Your String class must implement all the appropriate methods including constructors/destructor, assignment, equality operators, the index operator, reverse, indexOf (find), print, and read. Do not use any of the C  str functions (e.g. strcmp, or strcpy), however write them yourself, as static methods, then use them. Note, you will use dynamic allocation (by calling new[]) and you must delete[] the storage you allocate when you no longer need it. strdup() will allocate the right amount of storage and make an exact copy of the string passed in as argument, then return the address of that new storage.  It will be useful for implementing many methods including the constructors.  Note some of your methods will work fine using the implementation from homework 3, but it is up to you to figure out which ones are ok and which must be re-written.

### Question2(10 points) 

File organization: This is a good time to learn about splitting classes into declaration and method definitions.  Put the declaration of class String in a file named String.h.  Put the definitions of the String methods in a file called String.cpp.  Put your main program and testing functions in a file named string_test.cpp. string_test.cpp and String.cpp must include String.h. You can compile your program with the comand `g++ String.cpp string_test.cpp -o string_test` .  You can run it by calling string_test.

```c++
class String
{
    public:
        /// Both constructors should construct
        /// this String from the parameter s
        explicit String( const char * s = "");
        String( const String & s );
        String operator = ( const String & s );
        char & operator [] ( int index );
        int size();
        String reverse(); // does not modify this String
        int indexOf( const char c );
        int indexOf( const String pattern );
        bool operator == ( const String s );
        bool operator != ( const String s );
        bool operator > ( const String s );
        bool operator < ( const String s )
        bool operator <= ( const String s );
        bool operator >= ( const String s );
        /// concatenates this and s to return result
        String operator + ( const String s );
        /// concatenates s onto end of this
        String operator += ( const String s );
        void print( ostream & out );
        void read( istream & in );
        ~String();
    private:
        bool inBounds( int i )
        {
          return i >= 0 && i < strlen(buf);
        }
        static int strlen(const char *src);
        static char *strdup(const char *src); // notice this new function
        {
            return strcpy(new char[strlen(src+1)], src);
        }
        // … and any other auxilliary static methods you need
        char * buf; // base of array for the characters in this string
        // DO NOT add a length data member!! use the null terminator
};

ostream & operator << ( ostream & out, String str );
istream & operator >> ( istream & in, String & str );
```

### Question3(20 points) 

Write a main function which tests each function defined in your class String.  You may reuse part or all of your main from the previous homework if it is good.

### Question4(10 points) 

Write two functions, `new char[n_bytes] →  new_char_array(int n_bytes)`, and `delete[] p → delete_char_array(char *p)`, which keep track of the number of array allocations in a static counter initialized to zero (see the lecture slides for an example).  Call these functions instead of new and delete.  Print out the value of your allocation counter at the end of your main function.  It must be zero. Use this format: ”Number of new allocations minus number of delete deallocations is 0.

### Question5(20 points) 

Get your program to compile and run with the main below in a file named standard_main.cpp which includes your string.h and is linked with your string.cpp. You can compile your this second program with the comand g++ String.cpp standard_main.cpp -o standard_main .  You can run it by calling standard_main
