---
title: 'C++代写: Programming Project7'
tags:
  - C++代写
categories:
  - C++代写
abbrlink: d88cccf6
date: 2019-01-16 18:10:59
---

C++实现k近邻算法

### The Problem 

Machine learning is a common term used these days. One of the many areas where machine learning is used is in pattern recognition, specifically in the area of classifying a "thing" as to its type. This is the overall problem we are going to address today.  

### The k-nearest neighbor classifier 

A relatively simple, though potentially computationally expensive, algorithm to classifying an unknown element in terms of known elements is called a k-nearest neighbor classifier, a knn for short. It works as 
follows. 
 
Imagine you have two measurements you have performed on a set of objects: let's say size and cost. We call these the features of the classification problem. You plot (in 2D for two features, in higher dimensions for more features) the location of all the known objects with respect to their feature values on a graph. You also label each of the known objects as to their known class, here indicated by the colors red and blue.  
 
We then place an unknown object (represented by ?), whose class we do not know, into the graph based on its features and find its k nearest neighbors, in this case k=3. The situation is shown below.

We can then answer the following questions as to what "class" the unknowns are based on their three nearest neighbors in the 2 feature space. 
•  ?1 is a "red" thing 
•  ?2 is a "blue" thing 
•  ?3 is 2/3 red and 1/3 blue 

### Your Tasks 

Complete the Project 7 by writing code for the following functions. Details of type for the functions can be found in proj07_functions.h (provided for you, see details below). There are some supporting functions here that will help you solve and debug the problem. 

 
**function split** : `vector<string> split(const string &s, char delim) `

You supposedly wrote this for lab06. Takes in a string, splits it into its parts as separated by the character delim. In the header the default for delim is a space (note again you only do the defaults in the header, not in the code itself). Returns a vector<string> for each string in the delim separated string s. 


**function read_data** : `void read_data(map<vector<double>, string> &m, unsigned 
int feature_count, ifstream &inf) `
Reads in every line of data from an already opened ifstream reference and fills in map m. Each line of 
the file consists of feature_count features (for iris, 4). Each feature is a double and each is separated 
by a comma. The last element is a string, the class type for this feature combination. An empty map is 
passed in by reference and filled by the function.  
