---
title: 'Java代写：CSE105 Coursework 1'
abbrlink: b7d587b9
date: 2019-01-18 09:26:34
tags:
- Java代写
categories:
- Java代写
---

代写Java Assignment, Project, Lab, Data Structure, Algorithm, 价格优惠，保证质量，原创唯一。

There are five tasks. Each task is worth 20 points. The assessment contributes 15% to your final grade on this module. 

Each task should be in its own Class. See important notes on submission format at the end: you must submit INDIVIDUAL .TXT FILES, not .java files.  

### Task 1: Conversion 

 
Write a program that converts measurements from fathoms to metres. A fathom is an old imperial measure of water depth. 1 fathom = 1.8288m. 
 
You program should: 
- Tell the user what it does. 
- Ask the user for an input range [eg 1-10] 
- Print a labeled and formatted table showing the values for this range


### Task 2: A Story 
 
Write a program that writes a story, specially personalised for the user.  
 
For example: 
 
The program should ask the user to input:
- His/her name 
- His/her gender 
- His/her age 
- The name of a city 
- The name of a university 
- A profession 
- Another person’s name 
 
After the user has entered all these items, the program should display a story, inserting the user’s input at the appropriate location, eg: 
- There once was a person called James who lived in Suzhou. At the age of 19, James went to university at Harvard. When he graduated, he became an accountant, and married another accountant called Susan. 

### Task 3: Time 

Write a program that asks the user to enter a number of seconds. The program should then calculate the number of days, minutes, hours and seconds represented by the input value. 

### Task 4: Game simulation 
 
Dice simulation 

Program a game played with 4 dice. 
 
On each play, the program generates 4 random whole numbers from 1 to 6. Each one represents the score on 1 dice. 
- If 2 dice match, the player scores 2 points. 
- If 3 dice match, the player scores 3 points. 
- If 4 dice match, the player scores 4 points. 
 
The program ask whether the user wants to play again. If not, the total score for the game so far is displayed. 

### Bonus task 4A 
Display a small window (a Frame) which displays one image each for the four dice in Task 4 above. The images should change to represent the values of the dice in each play. The dice can be standard, with 1 to 6 dots, or pictorial, with a different image on each face. You can draw a dice with dots using the methods of a Graphics object, or you can display an image from file – up to you. 
