---
title: 'Python代写: Assignment 3'
tags:
  - Python代写
categories:
  - Python代写
abbrlink: 42277
date: 2019-01-28 23:32:07
---

## CSc 120: Words ending with

### Expected Behavior
Write a function words_ending_with(wordlist, tail) that behaves as follows. The argument wordlist is a list of strings, while the argument tail is a string. words_ending_with(wordlist, tail) returns a list consisting of those strings in wordlist that end with tail. If none of the strings in wordlist end with tail, it returns the empty list.
The order of list elements in the list returned by the function should match the order of their occurrence in wordlist.

### Examples

In the examples below, wordlist is the list

['evolve', 'absolve', 'crow', 'spoke', 'truck', 'lake', 'wow', 'wave']
1. words_ending_with(wordlist, 'ow')
 Return value: ['crow', 'wow']
2. words_ending_with(wordlist, 'lve')
Return value: ['evolve', 'absolve']
3. words_ending_with(wordlist, 'e')
Return value: ['evolve', 'absolve', 'spoke', 'lake', 'wave']
4. words_ending_with(wordlist, 'ke')
Return value: ['spoke', 'lake']
5. words_ending_with(wordlist, 'ing')
Return value: []


## CSc 120: Words beginning with

### Expected Behavior

Write a function words_beginning_with(wordlist, head) that behaves as follows. The argument wordlist is a list of strings, while the argument head is a string. words_beginning_with(wordlist, head) returns a list consisting of those strings in wordlist that begin with head. If none of the strings in wordlist begin with head, it returns the empty list.
The order of list elements in the list returned by the function should match the order of their occurrence in wordlist.

### Examples

In the examples below, wordlist is the list

['evolve', 'absolve', 'evil', 'absent', 'evidence', 'lake', 'ladder', 'list']
1. words_beginning_with(wordlist, 'ev')
Return value: ['evolve', 'evil', 'evidence']
2. words_beginning_with(wordlist, 'evi')
Return value: ['evil', 'evidence']
3. words_beginning_with(wordlist, 'e')
Return value: ['evolve', 'evil', 'evidence']
4. words_beginning_with(wordlist, 'la')
Return value: ['lake', 'ladder']
5. words_beginning_with(wordlist, 'ing')
Return value: []