---
title: 'R代写：HWA Voting in Sweden'
date: 2019-01-14 23:06:33
tags:
- R代写
- R
categories:
- R代写
---

### 1 Introduction

The purpose of this home work assignment is to get practical experience in
modeling data using logit and probit models, both for binary and ordered data.
This includes estimation using the software package R, to intpret and analyze
the results.

R is installed in computer room H319 and it is also possible to access through
remote desktop to ts03.dis.uu.se and log on as if you actually were in H319.


### 2 Written report

A written report should be handed in no later than the date indicated on the
schedule. The written report should be written in such a way that there is no
problem to understand what have been done and why.

### 3 Assignment

Below, the assignment is stated for the Conservative party, but as mentioned
above, you will be assigned what party to analyse.

1. Display and interpret descriptive statistics for how the voters voted in the
last general election in Sweden (variable B12).


2. Specify and estimate logit model for voters voting on your assigned party.
Dependent variable is "voting for the XXX party" (binary variable: 0,1).
The model should include a Likert scale explanatory variable. Justify/
motivate the model/ choice of variables. You should motivate why a speci…c variable is in the model and what sign you expect on the coe¢ cient.
Estimate and interpret the model.

3. Interpret the parameters of the model in a way you …nd appropriate. Also,
for a typical individual of the sample (pick one), calculate the (model
implied) probability that this individual would vote for the conservative
party. Change the value of the explanatory variables and analyze how
the probability change. (What values of the other explanatory variables
would it make sense to use? Discuss and motivate)


4. Given the logit model in task 2: Test, using a likelihood ratio test, if
the (constant) scaling implied by the Likert scale, i.e. 1,2,3 etc is valid.
That is, is the restriction that the distances between the 1 and 2 are the
same as the distance between 2 and 3 etc valid? (You need to estimate
two models, one restricted and one unrestricted). What is the implication
of the test result in terms of the model and how to use the Likert variable
in this situation? Can this result be generalized, if so, how, if not, what
would be the recommended practice in this situation?

5. Make a two by two table of observed responses versus predicted. Use a 0.5
cut of value and then a cut of value corresponding to the unconditional
probability to vote for you assigned (XXX) party. Interpret and discuss.
Choose a goodness-of-…t measure to evaluate the model.


6. Using the probit instead of the logit, estimate the model in 2 and compare
the implied probabilities, how do they di¤er? Compare the two by two
table of observed responses versus predicted for the two models. Which of
the Logit and Probit would you recommend to use for this data? Discuss
and motivate.