---
title: 'R代写: Univariate Statistics and Methodology using R'
abbrlink: 3ac3611b
date: 2019-01-15 17:48:43
tags:
- R代写
- 统计代写
categories:
- R代写
---

### Overview

For the course assignment, you will be expected to retrieve, clean, and analyse a data set. In this
document we provide the primary research questions to be answered, information on the structure
and format of the final report, information on code that should be submitted, and a brief overview
of the marking criteria. You can find the codebook for the data set and the R script template on
LEARN. The data for this assignment come from the Timed picture naming in seven languages study
(Bates, et al., 2003) available as part of the (International Picture Naming Project)[https://crl.ucsd.
edu/experiments/ipnp/]

### Question 1

Is there a relationship between the frequency of a target word in the English corpus and reaction
time (RT) on a picture-naming task? Once you are content that the data are appropriately cleaned,
run the following model:

```r
m1 <- lm(rttar ~ lnfreq, data = df_e)
```

#### Question 1.1

Concisely report and interpret the results of the model.

#### Question 1.2

What is the predicted RT for a word with a frequency of 20?

Hint: Don’t forget the the frequency variable is log-transformed (see codebook for details) and that,
in R, exp() is the inverse function of log().

#### Question 1.3

Produce and interpret a diagnostic plot of the model that shows whether or not the model residuals

### Question 2

Do target word length and the number of synonyms a word has have additional effects on RT above
and beyond that of word frequency in the English language data set?

#### Question 2.1

Fit an appropriate model to test this question.

#### Question 2.2

Run model diagnostics and, if needed, re-fit the model.

#### Question 2.3

Report and interpret the results of the final model.

### Question 3

Do variables entered as predictors in the Question 2 model predict whether or not at least one par-
ticipant will produce an error response on a picture naming task in the English language data set?
Pictures for which there are any invalid or incorrect responses should be coded as containing errors.

#### Question 3.1

Fit, report, and interpret an appropriate model to test this question.

#### Question 3.2

What is the predicted probability of a correct response on a picture whose name has a frequency of
12, is 3 syllables long and has only one form?

### Question 4

Does the effect of target word frequency on RT vary significantly between Chinese, Hungarian, and
Spanish?

Hint: You will need to construct a single data frame to answer this question.

#### Question 4.1

Fit an appropriate model to test this question. Run model diagnostics and re-fit the model if needed.

#### Question 4.2

Report and interpret the results of the final model.

#### Question 4.3

Which language has the weakest effect of frequency on RT? Describe it in terms of unit change in RT
as a result in a unit change in log-frequency.

