---
title: 'R语言代写:Chapter3'
tags:
  - R代写
categories:
  - R代写
abbrlink: 15222
date: 2019-01-27 15:20:29
---

### Question 1

Let X be a random variable uniformly distributed over the interval [2, 6], and let Y be a random variable distributed according to Tria( 2, 3, 7). 

- Write the pdf and cdf of each of these random variables. 
- Compute their means and variances.

### Question 2

Suppose that X is distributed according to Unif( 10, B), for some B > 10. 

- How does the squared coefficient of variation vary as B increases? Show this behavior in a graph. 
- Repeat the same investigation for X distributed according to Tria( 1, 4, B), and compare the corresponding graph to the previous one. 


### Question 3

Construct the formula for a linear congruential generator with m = 10, 000 and values of your choice for a and c. Set the last four digits of your Social Security Number as the initial seed, x0 (if the leading digit of x0 is 0, then change it to 9). Use this RNG to generate one complete period of random numbers. If the period turns out to be less than 1000, experiment with other values of a and c until you obtain an RNG with a period of at least 1000. Compute the mean, variance, and squared coefficient of variation of this sequence, as well as its histogram (use 10 cells). 


### Question 4

Derive a formula for generating variates from the geometric distribution of mean 4, using the Inverse Transform method, and then apply it to obtain two samples: x1 using u1 = 0.2, and x2 using u = 0.7. (Hint: Consult Section 3.7.4.) 


### Question 5
