---
title: 'R代写:assigment stat-4_2692'
abbrlink: a3ca30a1
date: 2019-01-16 09:17:15
tags:
- R代写
- 统计代写
categories:
- R代写
mathjax: true
---

代写R基础题目，正态分布，假设校验，随机抽样等。

### Question 1 
Part 2: Non-normal distribution. We will now study a population with an Exponential distribution. Generate a large sample from the Exponential distribution with rate parameter 0.5. This distribution has mean $\mu$ = 2 and standard deviation $\sigma$ = 2.

```
x <- rexp(1000,0.5)
mean(x)
sqrt(var(x))
hist(x)
```

a) Since the sample size $n = 1000$ is so large, the histogram, the sample mean and sample variance should be close to the population distribution, mean and variance. In words, describe the shape of the histogram.

b) Now, we will generate the sampling distribution of the sample mean, when the population is exponential. Repeat the same simulation procedure as in Part 1, but replace the line `x <- rnorm (12, 2, 0.5)` with `x <- rexp(12,0.5)`.

c) Repeat b) but with different sample size, say 30. That is, replace the line `x <- rexp(12,0.5)` with `x <- rexp(30,0.5)`.

d) Compare the shape of the histogram, the mean and standard deviation of the sample mean when the sample size gets larger.

### Question 2

In a third-year statistics course with an enrollment of 30 students, the grades on the rst assignment, for all 30 students, are displayed in the table below. We will consider the 30 students to be the population of our interest. We assume a student's grade follows a $N(\mu, \sigma^{2})$ distribution. Obtain a random sample of 10 students from the population. This can be done using the following command.

```r
# enter all grades following the same order as in the table.
x=c(82,76,76,92,84,82,70,92,84,97,100,95,58,95,87,79, 78,89,
89,68,55,92,95,82,84,92,58,100,73,66)
#Check the length of the vector to make sure you have all 30 students' grades.
length(x)
#Use the sample( ) function to randomly sample 10 students,
#Find their associated grades and put them in a vector.
mydata=sample(30, 10, replace=FALSE)
x.mydata=x[mydata]
```

