---
title: 'R语言代写: ADA2: HW2'
tags:
  - R语言代写
  - R代写
categories:
  - R代写
abbrlink: 39104
date: 2019-02-12 19:21:00
---

A university medical center urology group (Stamey, et al., 1989) was interested in the association between a
prostate-speciﬁc antigen (PSA) and a number of prognostic clinical measurements in men with advanced
prostate cancer. Data were collected on 97 men who were about to undergo radical prostectomies.

Following variable PSA (Serum prostate-speciﬁc antigen level (ng/ml)) are the measures: cancer volume
(Estimate of prostate cancer volume (cc)), prostate weight (gm), patient age, the amount of benign prostatic
hyperplasia (cm2) hyperplasia, seminal vesicle invasion with 1 if yes, 0 if no, capsular penetration (cm), and
gleason score (Pathologically determined grade of disease (6,7,8), higher indicates worse prognosis).


**Background**: Until recently, PSA was commonly recommended as a screening mechanism for detecting
prostate cancer. To be an eﬃcient screening tool it is important that we understand how PSA levels relate to
factors that may determine prognosis and outcome. The PSA test measures the blood level of prostate-speciﬁc
antigen, an enzyme produced by the prostate. PSA levels under 4 ng/mL (nanograms per milliliter) are
generally considered normal, while levels over 4 ng/mL are considered abnormal (although in men over 65
levels up to 6.5 ng/mL may be acceptable, depending upon each laboratorys reference ranges). PSA levels
between 4 and 10 ng/mL indicate a risk of prostate cancer higher than normal, but the risk does not seem to
rise within this six-point range. When the PSA level is above 10 ng/mL, the association with cancer becomes
stronger. However, PSA is not a perfect test. Some men with prostate cancer do not have an elevated PSA,
and most men with an elevated PSA do not have prostate cancer. PSA levels can change for many reasons
other than cancer. Two common causes of high PSA levels are enlargement of the prostate (benign prostatic
hypertrophy (BPH)) and infection in the prostate (prostatitis).


### Goal

A goal here is to build a multiple regression model to predict PSA level PSA from a subset of the predictors:
the cancer volume, Prostate weight, Age, Benign prostatic and Capsular penetration.

- (1) Looking at the data. Plot scatter plot matrix, correlation matrix of Y and a subset of predictors, and
brieﬂy comment on them.

```r
fn.data <- "http://statacumen.com/teach/ADA2/homework/ADA2_HW_03_psa.txt"
psa <- read.table(fn.data, header=TRUE)
# remove the variables we don't want to use for this assignment
psa <- subset(psa, select = names(psa)[-c(1,7,9)])
names(psa)
# simplify column names
colnames(psa) <- c("PSA", "v", "wt", "age","benigh","capsular")
```

- (2) Fit the full aditive model, check model assumptions.
- (3) Check Y outliers, X outliers, and inﬂuential data points.
- (4) Are there any interaction terms need to be included?
- (5) Do transformation on Y or Xs or both if needed. After that, check model assumptions again. (Please
only include transformations that make model assumptions met.)
- (6) Fit an appropriate full model and perform backward selection.
- (7) Fit an appropriate full model and perform best subset selection using adjusted R2, Cp and BIC criteria.
- (8) From the above model selection methods, which model seems appropriate? Check model assumptions
for this model. Check VIF.
- (9) For the model you derived in (8), check Y outliers, X outliers, and inﬂuential data points. If you
identify some outliers, can you remove them?
- (10) Suggest a ﬁnal model for use.
